change broker docs with settings page and images (#972)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: content/docs/integrations/broker/index.md

This way Roadie does not need to have knowledge or access of your infrastructure endpoints nor authorization tokens. 

## Configuration
### Enabling broker connection
The broker server instance is not enabled by default on tenants and thus needs to be requested to be enabled.

You can visit the settings page fro the broker at the following url in the application. `https://<your-tenant>.roadie.so/administration/settings/integrations/broker` 

The broker endpoint server is secured by allow listing IP addresses. You can configure the list of IP addresses in the settings page mentioned above.

You can also test the client connections mentioned below from the settings page.

### Configuring Broker client

There are three ways to run the broker client application:

- Run one of the pre configured docker containers provided by roadie
- Run the broker client nodejs application
- Build a custom docker container

#### Roadie Docker Containers
Roadie provides pre configured docker containers containing pre-configured snyk-broker clients for use with backstage. At time of writing, we are providing a container image for kubernetes and sonarqube.

> You can configure them with environment variables containing authentication credentials for the brokered service as well as the broker endpoint and token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure them with environment variables containing authentication credentials for the brokered service as well as the broker endpoint and possible tokens.
```

Reviewer: K8S_TOKEN && OTHER_SECURE_TOKEN etc. There's usually at least broker + the service token

Author: Take a look now. It had already referered to "authentication credentials for the the brokered service".

This could include tokens or passwords.

Let me know what you think.

Reviewer: :+1:

e.g. To run the kubernetes client you can run the docker container as follows:

```bash
docker run \
   -v "$(pwd)"/certs:/var/lib/certs:ro \
  --env CA_CERT=/var/lib/certs/ca.cert \
  --env K8S_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_TOKEN=service-account-token \
  --env BROKER_TOKEN=kube-api \
  --env BROKER_SERVER_URL=https://<TENANT_NAME>.broker.roadie.so \
  roadiehq/broker:kubernetes
```

#### Snyk Broker CLI application

The snyk-broker client is published as an npm package available to be downloaded, installed on run on a machine configured to run nodejs packages. You can install and run it directly or use the npx command:

```bash
npm install --global snyk-broker
BROKER_TOKEN=test \ 
BROKER_SERVER_URL=https://<TENANT_NAME>.broker.roadie.so \
broker
```

```bash
BROKER_TOKEN=test \ 
BROKER_SERVER_URL=https://<TENANT_NAME>.broker.roadie.so \
npx snyk-broker
```

> In order to do something meaningful with the snyk broker client you will need to configure and `accept.json` file documented in a section below.

Reviewer: Check the spelling of snykbrokerclient. There's few different versions of it within this file

> To provide the accept json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide the accept.json
```
